Improve version, version range, and version list syntax and behavior (#36273)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/packaging_guide.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Most Spack versions are numeric, a tuple of integers; for example,
``0.1``, ``6.96`` or ``1.2.3.1``.  Spack knows how to compare and sort
numeric versions.

Some Spack versions involve slight extensions of numeric syntax; for

> example, ``py-sphinx-rtd-theme@=0.1.10a0``.  In this case, numbers are

Reviewer: I think the introduction of `=` here doesn't add much and might be confusing, in that it draws your attention away from the `a`, which is the point of the example.  Is `=` needed?

   will be used.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Ranges versus specific versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Spack version specifiers ``pkg@<specifier>`` are (a list of) ranges
and specific versions.  When packaging, you typically want to use
ranges instead of specific versions, to avoid over-constraining
dependencies, patches, conflicts, etc.

For example, ``depends_on("python@3")`` denotes a range of versions,
which allows Spack to pick any ``3.x.y`` for Python, while
``depends_on("python@=3.10.1")`` restricts it to a specific version.

> Only in exceptional cases do you need to specific versions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only in exceptional cases should you need to resort to specific `@=` versions,
```
